README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Stats preview card component solution

This is a solution to the [Stats preview card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/stats-preview-card-component-8JqbgoU62). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size

### Screenshot

![](./images/Screenshot%202022-12-26%20at%2018-03-24%20Frontend%20Mentor%20Stats%20preview%20card%20component.png)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

## Author

- Website - [Felipe Thomé](https://www.github.com/felipetn1989)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)

Commit message:

changed css
Used justify-content: flex-start instead of center to avoid chopping the top of the page off when viewing the website on mobile devices

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Stats preview card component solution

This is a solution to the [Stats preview card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/stats-preview-card-component-8JqbgoU62). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size

### Screenshot

![](./images/Screenshot%202022-12-26%20at%2018-03-24%20Frontend%20Mentor%20Stats%20preview%20card%20component.png)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

### Things I've learned

Using justify-content: flex-start to avoid que top of the page being chopped on mobile devices

## Author

- Website - [Felipe Thomé](https://www.github.com/felipetn1989)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
